docs/about/intro.md, before:

# Intro

The AssistantApps brand is a collection of apps that are aimed at helping players of certain games get the best experience possible for those games. 

## How it started

The first apps built were the Android and iOS versions of the [Assistant for No Man's Sky][assistantNMS]. After the success of the No Man's Sky app, [Kurt][kurt] decided to try creating a new app called [Assistant for Scrap Mechanic][assistantSMS] with the goal of creating an app that works on Android, iOS and on the web from one codebase using [Flutter][flutter]. In the process of building the app [Kurt][kurt] realised that many of the page structures and components were the same and that he could reduce the amount of copy and pasting `(copy-pasta)` in the apps by making a centralised library and API for common functions.

<!-- Links used in the page -->
[assistantNMS]: https://nmsassistant.com?ref=assistantAppsDocs
[assistantSMS]: https://scrapassistant.com?ref=assistantAppsDocs
[flutter]: https://flutter.io
[kurt]: https://kurtlourens.com?ref=assistantAppsDocs
[kurtImg]: https://kurtlourens.com/assets/images/KurtAvatar.svg

Commit message:

Added lots of Story
Just added lots of stuff, please read through it and check for spelling mistakes or context errors. Would appreciate it if @Khaoz-Topsy would add me as a member of this Organisation as well :D

docs/about/intro.md, after:

# Intro

The [AssistantApps][assistantApps] brand is a collection of apps that are aimed at helping players of certain games to get the best experience possible for those games by providing in depth information about items, quests and more. 

## How it started

The first apps built were the Android and iOS versions of the [Assistant for No Man's Sky][assistantNMS]. After the success of the No Man's Sky app, [Kurt][kurt] decided to try creating a new app called [Assistant for Scrap Mechanic][assistantSMS] with the goal of creating an app that works on Android, iOS and on the web from one codebase using [Flutter][flutter]. In the process of building the app [Kurt][kurt] realised that many of the page structures and components were the same and that he could reduce the amount of copy and pasting `(copy-pasta)` in the apps by making a centralised library and API for common functions.
With the time, the team grew by a few members, which enabled a faster workflow.
The Discord server members also helped out to find lots of bugs `(#Feature)` which led Kurt to breakdowns every time. 
Yet he managed to evercome the bugs and was victorious in the end.

## A new name
In that time, we also finally got a website, which acts as an overview about out Apps, and as ourselves as Assistant Apps. You can find it [here][assistantApps].
We changed our Name from "Assistant for NMS", to "Assistant Apps", which is currently only noticable on our [Discord][discord] server.
As the time went by, and bugs were fixed, we had to look forward to what should happen to Assistant Apps `(Formerly known as just "Assistant for NMS", referring to Kurts first app)` in the future. 
End of 2019, we brought to life the [NMSCD][nmscd], to form connections between No Man´s Sky players and modders.

## Another milestone
Then, in mid 2021, our first collaboration was formed.
The Kronos app, made for the `Zombie modes` aviable in various games, was developed by PostMaloy. You can find more details and links to the app on our [website][assistantApps].
This step made us think, but we didnt touch the topic of collaboration too much.
Sphynxcolt wrote an article `(Unfortunately only aviable for team members)` about how Asstsant Apps could evolve.
It has detailed thoughts about the pros ans cons of collaboration, so Assistant Apps starts with a solid understanding of what to look for in the future.

## Next plans
For about 1-2 years now, Assistant Apps is working on their 3rd app.
Kurt said that they had to pause the developement, since the game it is planned for has yet to release.
But we hope that they will get back to developement in time.



##
 Hey, thank you for reading to the end! If you want to add anything, please follow [this Link][helptheDocumentation]. Thank you :D
<!-- Links used in the page -->
[assistantNMS]: https://nmsassistant.com?ref=assistantAppsDocs
[assistantSMS]: https://scrapassistant.com?ref=assistantAppsDocs
[flutter]: https://flutter.io
[kurt]: https://kurtlourens.com?ref=assistantAppsDocs
[kurtImg]: https://kurtlourens.com/assets/images/KurtAvatar.svg
[nmscd]: https://github.com/NMSCD/About
[assistantApps]: https://assistantapps.com
[discord]:https://discord.com/invite/q3aFBQM?ref=AssistantApps
[helptheDocumentation]: https://github.com/AssistantApps/Documentation
